How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Reflection: using diff produces a summarization of the file differences and significantly reduces the time it takes to find a bug. It also eliminates most of the stress and frustration.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Reflection: I'll be able to quickly remember my previous changes and review changes made by my other team members. This will prevent having to review the entire file or set of files to gain this context.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pro: only you know when a complete, logical change is done so you can ensure than only reasonable versions are committed.
Con: automatically saved versions are very useful when you need to recover from a mistake or undo changes, and it is easy to forget to plan to create backups.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Reflection: it is more common for software to require changes in multiple files for a single, logical change.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Reflection: I can use these commands when I want to resume working on code after a period of time, or when working on another team member's code.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Reflection: when making changes after a commit, I will feel confident that I can revert back to a working version if my changes don't work out.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Reflection: I'd like to use git for the rest of my projects in this course as well as my professional projects, if possible.

What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Reflection: metadata describing the commit and status of the repository is added or updated.
